Python Function
A function is a block of code which only runs when it is called
you can pass data, known as parameters, into a function.
A function can run return data as a result.

Creating Function
Calling Function
Arguments:- 
Information can be passed into functions as arguments.
Arguments are specified after the function name, inside the parentheses. You can add as many 
arguments as you want, just separate them with a comma.
The following example has a function with one argument (fname). When the function is called, 
we pass along a first name, which is used inside the function to print the full name:

parameters Or Arguments..?
Number of Arguments
Arbitrary Arguments, *arg
Keyword Arguments
Arbitrary Keyword Arguments, *kwargs:

If you do not know how many keyword arguments that will be passed into your function, add two asterisk: 
** before the parameter name in the function definition.
This way the function will receive a dictionary of arguments, and can access the items accordingly:

default parameter Value
Passing a list as an argument
retun Value
The pass Statement 

---------------Recursion----------
Python also accepts function recursion, which means a defined function can call itself.
Recursion is a common mathematical and programming concept. It means that a function calls itself. 
This has the benefit of meaning that you can loop through data to reach a result.
The developer should be very careful with recursion as it can be quite easy to slip into writing 
a function which never terminates, or one that uses excess amounts of memory or processor power. However, 
when written correctly recursion can be a very efficient and mathematically-elegant approach to programming.
In this example, tri_recursion() is a function that we have defined to call itself ("recurse"). 
We use the k variable as the data, which decrements (-1) every time we recurse. The recursion ends when the condition is not greater than 0 (i.e. when it is 0).
To a new developer it can take some time to work out how exactly this works, best way to find out is by testing and modifying it


